DDS refactor (#21)
eProsima/Shapes-Demo-Docs: docs/first_steps/first_steps.rst

    Using Lifespan QoS will not have any visual effect.

Participant configuration
-------------------------

The eProsima Shapes Demo application allows the user to define Participant policies.
To see the Options window, please go to *Options->Participant Configuration* in the main bar.
The following image shows the Options Menu.

.. image:: /01-figures/participant.png
   :scale: 75 %
   :alt: Options Window
   :align: center

- **Transport Protocol:**  You can select between UDP protocol, TCP LAN Server, TCP WAN Server or TCP Client,
  and Shared Memory protocol.

  - **UDP:** With UDP Protocol the applicacion will work sending multicast packets to communicate with other apps.
    (See

>     `Fast DDS UDP Transport Documentation <https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/v2.3.4/fastdds/transport/udp/udp.html#transport-udp-udp>`_).

Reviewer: Are we sure we want to leave the link to a specific Fast DDS version? It is true that leaving the `latest` version can eventually broke the link if Fast DDS documentation is refactored, but I think it is a better option than updating all the links with each release.

This applies to several other links in this section.

Author: :+1:

  - **TCP:** TCP protocol needs a minimal configuration to create the connection between the machines:
    (See
    `Fast DDS TCP Transport Documentation <https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/v2.3.4/fastdds/transport/tcp/tcp.html#transport-tcp-tcp>`_).

    - If the applicacion is going to run as a *LAN server*, it only needs to set the listening port where it is going to
      accept connections (note that firewall must be configured to allow inbound traffic).

    - If the applicacion is going to run as a *WAN server*, it needs to set the listening port where it is going to
      accept connections and the server WAN address (note that firewall must be configured to allow inbound traffic
      and router must relay listening port traffic to server machine).

    - If the applicacion is going to run as a *client* it needs to know the IP address of the server (or its WAN address

>       if both instances don't share network) and the port where server is listening for connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      if both instances don't share network) and the port where the server is listening for connections.
```

Author: :+1:

  - **Data Sharing:** Allow using Data Sharing delivery when both Endpoints are running in the same host.
    (See
    `Fast DDS Data Sharing Documentation <https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/v2.3.4/fastdds/transport/datasharing.html#datasharing-delivery>`_).

- **Domain:** The user can select different Domain IDs.
  Shapes Demo instances using different Domain IDs will not communicate.
  To modify the Domain ID the user needs to stop the participant (thus removing all existing publishers and
  subscribers) and start a new one with the new Domain ID.
  (See
  `Fast DDS Domain Documentation <https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/latest/fastdds/dds_layer/domain/domain.html>`_).

- **Statistics:** The user can activate *Fast DDS Statistics module* so different instrumentation data could be
  collected and analyzed by the *Fast DDS Statistics Backend*, or be represented by *Fast DDS Monitor*.
  This module requires to have compiled *Fast DDS* with Statistics Module ON.
  (See
  `Fast DDS Statistics Module Documentation <https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/latest/fastdds/statistics/statistics.html>`_).

> In order to change the Participant, in case there is a Participant running it should be stopped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case that the Participant is already running, it should be stopped in order to change its configuration.
```

Author: :+1:

    + Push the *Start* button in order to resume Shapes Demo operation.

> - **Shared Memory Transport:** Fast DDS transport using Shared Memory Segment for Participants running in the same

Reviewer: I am not sure why but when generating the documentation locally, this option is shown in a blue box. Can you check in your side if it is something happening only on my side?

      host.

- **Intraprocess:** Allow Intraprocess delivery when two Participants run in the same process.

> - **Data SHaring:** Allow Data Sharing delivery when two Participants run in the same process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Data Sharing:** Allow Data Sharing delivery when two Participants run in the same process.
```

I suggest adding a link to the Fast DDS documentation in all these new options so the user can have easy access to a more in-depth explanation of the option.

Author: :+1:
